Link
Android Sample Package
https://developer.android.com/samples/index.html

1. RecyclerView
https://github.com/CymChad/BaseRecyclerViewAdapterHelper
2. Complete Google MAP TT
https://github.com/react-community/react-native-maps
3. hometodestination Animation
https://github.com/amalChandran/trail-android
4.  Shortest Path Animation
https://github.com/KAPLANDROID/Shortest-Path-Direction-on-Google-Maps-v2-for-Android
5. Image Gallery Viewer
https://github.com/CosmicMind/Material
6. Naviagtion Drawer
https://github.com/shiburagi/Drawer-Behavior
7. Tab Bar And Navigation
https://github.com/ssowri1/SPNavigationDrawerwithTABbar
8. Tab and Cart View and also Animate Crockery and Food Deleivery AP
https://github.com/bullseyedevs/Vitrin
9. Food Delivery Application
https://github.com/PRAKHAR1997/Food-Delivery-Application
10. Android Fast Bottom Navigation View
https://github.com/tutorialwing/android-bottom-navigation-view
11. Drggable Marker
https://github.com/yuvraaz/DraggerMapViewAndrodi
12. Google Autocomplete Serch Edittext
https://github.com/seatgeek/android-PlacesAutocompleteTextView
13.Hexa decimal Code Transparen Color Android
https://gist.github.com/lopspower/03fb1cc0ac9f32ef38f4
14. GIF Loading Library
https://github.com/Rogero0o/GifLoadingView
15. Material Animation
https://github.com/vipinagrahari/animate
16. Video Trimmer
https://github.com/vipinagrahari/k4l-video-trimmer
17. Timline View
https://github.com/vipinagrahari/Timeline-View
18.Sliding Up Panel
https://github.com/vsahu1986/AndroidSlidingUpPanel-foursquare-map-demo
19. Best Animation Stuff
https://github.com/vsahu1986/BaseAnimation
20. Traiangle Label View
https://github.com/vipinagrahari/TriangleLabelView
21. Android Chart
https://github.com/vipinagrahari/MPAndroidChart
22. Google Map Utils
https://github.com/googlemaps/android-maps-utils
23. Edittext Material Color set
http://www.codexpedia.com/android/setting-edittext-underline-color-in-android/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8033316/to-draw-an-underline-below-the-textview-in-android
24.Tambola Game
https://github.com/anvesh523/Family-Tambola/tree/master/Tambola
25. Reotly Control your pc
https://github.com/Elbehiry/Pc-Control
26. Uber Type Animation Called
https://gangsofcoder.blogspot.in/2017/06/rotate-marker-and-move-animation-on.html
27. Folding Cell Android
https://github.com/Ramotion/folding-cell-android
28. DropDownTextView
https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/6765
29. Complete Android Application Kotlin
https://android-arsenal.com/details/3/6767
30. 
